DOC-13695: Add partition by hash clause in CREATE PRIMARY INDEX (#467)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/n1ql/pages/n1ql-language-reference/index-partitioning.adoc

The partition keys are hashed to generate a partition ID for each document.
The partition ID is then used to identify the partition in which the document's index keys would reside.

> The partition keys should be immutable: its values should not change once the document is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The partition keys should be immutable: their values should not change once the document is created.
```

----
====

> The choice of partition keys can also improve aggregate query performance when the query engine can push down the full aggregate calculation to the index node.

Reviewer: Can we rephrase this a bit? 

```suggestion
The choice of partition keys can also improve aggregate query performance by enabling the query engine to push down the full aggregate calculation to the index node.
```
